[cit-421] collectd depends on mqtt client library (#356)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io: docs/src/tutorials/device-monitoring.md

2. [Configure `collectd`](#configure-collectd),
3. [Enable thin-edge.io monitoring](#enable-thin-edge-monitoring).

## Install `mosquitto` client library
collectd depends on mosquitto client library.

> So, need to install libmosquitto.

Reviewer: This is not correct statement, it is not `collectd` depending on the `libmosquitto` but rather the plugin we use for MQTT communication.

Author: But the plugin is part of the collectd right?. As a whole its collectd from thin-edge pov.

Reviewer 2: Making explicit that this is the MQTT plugin that requires the library makes clearer the need for an install (otherwise one can see this as a dependency bug of the collectd debian package).

```suggestion
Since thin-edge.io uses the MQTT plugin of `collectd`, one needs to install the mosquitto client library (either `libmosquitto1` or `mosquitto-clients`.
```
